readme.md, before:

# AFV-BACKEND

## Requirements

Node.js >= 18.15.0 ( LTS )

## Installation / Usage

To install dependencies run:

```
npm i
```

To start the AFV-Backend run:

```
npm start
```

## Development

To start the AFV-Backend in dev mode run:

```
npm run dev
```

A websocket server is also available in the project to test the AFV-Backend. To start the websocket server run:

```
npm run dev-server
```

Once the websoket server is running and you establish a websocket connection with the server, you can press the 0-9 keys to send messages to the AFV-Backend. The messages can be changes by editing the file src/server/messages.ts.

### Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Support

Join our [community on Slack](http://slack.streamingtech.se) where you can post any questions regarding any of our open source projects. Eyevinn's consulting business can also offer you:

- Further development of this component
- Customization and integration of this component into your platform
- Support and maintenance agreement

Contact [sales@eyevinn.se](mailto:sales@eyevinn.se) if you are interested.

# About Eyevinn Technology

[Eyevinn Technology](https://www.eyevinntechnology.se) is an independent consultant firm specialized in video and streaming. Independent in a way that we are not commercially tied to any platform or technology vendor. As our way to innovate and push the industry forward we develop proof-of-concepts and tools. The things we learn and the code we write we share with the industry in [blogs](https://dev.to/video) and by open sourcing the code we have written.

Want to know more about Eyevinn and how it is to work here. Contact us at work@eyevinn.se!

Commit message:

feat: simple docker compose, updated docs and subribe to /video on connection

readme.md, after:

# AFV-BACKEND

## Requirements

Node.js >= 18.15.0 ( LTS )

## Installation / Usage

To install dependencies run:

```
npm i
```

To start the AFV-Backend run:

```
npm start
```

## Development

To start the AFV-Backend in dev mode run:

```
npm run dev
```

A websocket server is also available in the project to test the AFV-Backend. To start the websocket server run:

```
npm run dev-server
```

Once the websoket server is running and you have established a websocket connection with the server, you can press the 0-9 keys to send messages to the AFV-Backend. The messages can be changes by editing the file src/server/messages.ts.

## Deployment

If you have docker installed on your local machine you may create a docker image and run it in a simple container.

To create a docker image taged "afv-backend" run:

```
docker build -t=afv-backend .
```

To build a docker image and run it in a simple container run:

```
docker-compose up
```

### Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Support

Join our [community on Slack](http://slack.streamingtech.se) where you can post any questions regarding any of our open source projects. Eyevinn's consulting business can also offer you:

- Further development of this component
- Customization and integration of this component into your platform
- Support and maintenance agreement

Contact [sales@eyevinn.se](mailto:sales@eyevinn.se) if you are interested.

# About Eyevinn Technology

[Eyevinn Technology](https://www.eyevinntechnology.se) is an independent consultant firm specialized in video and streaming. Independent in a way that we are not commercially tied to any platform or technology vendor. As our way to innovate and push the industry forward we develop proof-of-concepts and tools. The things we learn and the code we write we share with the industry in [blogs](https://dev.to/video) and by open sourcing the code we have written.

Want to know more about Eyevinn and how it is to work here. Contact us at work@eyevinn.se!
